Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, currently we are logged in, but if I should also restart, this is going to take us back to the
login page and that's me as a user is going to need to log in all the time.
They want to use our hub, but we're not gonna be needing this.
That's what I going to do is once the user logs in, you're going to save that section.
So the user needs to log in all the time.
They desire to use our hub that you can see currently because our hearts we started this, we are currently
back to the login page and for me to use this app again I need to log in, which I think is a very bad
design.
So what you're going to do is we're going to save that user section.
So the log in, you don't need to log in again.
I'll probably see the log outs themselves.
Okay.
Now to do this, I will go to the size.
They're going to go to the odds controller okay.
But before we do this, please note there are a variety of ways to achieve the same results.
So there are probably other way to do this and you're going to get exactly the same results.
Okay.
So the pattern I'm going to be using to do this over, you know, create.
It needs to be Harriers as well.
Then are going to pass in the user.
The user we are percent is not the user model but the hearts user.
Okay.
E hearts user.
So now.
What we can do now.
We can.
Had this as well.
Then we can say create the rainbow or this core user.
Okay, good.
Now, what they're going to do next is.
We are just going to do this over here.
I want to say on.
On ready.
And the reason for this already is immediately the half load is going to fire and it's seems we are
going to hard.
Over here.
Okay.
So what they're going to do?
They're going to sit on this score user, which is very well created, is going to be equal to the arrowheads
as well.
Then.
I was able to pass in the offseason.
They were able to say, it can't be.
No.
Then this year we can see if these dots.
Correct.
So families ought.
And it's quite a user to get the current user.
Okay.
Now as we're going to see on this call, user is equal to.
So first I will divide the user to a stream.
So I'm going to say user does bind stream.
Now regardless of Firebase.
Five days art not.
What changes.
So this is going to look for odds.
So in all states, changes is going to look for you but is going to look for changes.
Okay.
So now what we can do.
Lastly, we can see over.
Okay.
Now, he's asking for the list now because he wants a listing for the user.
Now for the callback we can create a function or via.
We can see a lot of skill sets in.
Nisha.
Oh, I can spell Nisha.
Initials did.
Okay, great.
Now I'm just going to copy this function and then create it all via.
Then, as well as being a very card user then is going to be a type of user.
Right.
Okay.
Now what you are going to do.
We are going to check if we have data, that is if we have been use our data, that is if the user is
logged in or if we have any logged in user.
So to do this, we're going to say is.
If user.
Is equal to know that if we don't have any user, then we just want to say get.
That's.
Of all we want to do.
It's on the log in.
Log in.
Log in screen.
Okay.
What if we have a user?
So there's going to be a house that is the opposite of.
Not equal to.
So because this is a quota.
No.
So the air should be.
If is.
It is equal to no.
That means we don't have any use.
We just don't do it all the lobbyist else.
We are going to see a gets.
That of all then is going to be the whole screen.
Offscreen screen.
Okay.
So what I basically saying, we are saying if we don't have any user, then we want to keep the log
in screen health.
If we have a user, then also it's on the home screen.
Okay.
Now, currently, I think we don't have.
And these are right.
So, first of all, we're just going to.
We will certainly look to the right.
Okay.
So I just got the heart in Sturgis.
Hopefully my network is wide.
Those are going to wait for the output.
But.
Okay.
Check it for us.
Okay, great.
Now you can see we already have a user because we recently logged in.
So now even if you had to start this, you don't need to log in all the time again.
Now, if you don't understand is that we'll just know from this part.
From.
To this fight is to save this section.
Right.
Probably in this lecture, I'm going to explain a bit more deeper.
Okay.
So anytime we decide to use, we have we don't need to log in all the time again.
Okay, guys, see in.